docs: add upgrade guide from 3.1 to 3.2 (#3978)
inveniosoftware/invenio: docs/upgrading.rst

..
    This file is part of Invenio.
    Copyright (C) 2015-2019 CERN.

    Invenio is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it
    under the terms of the MIT License; see LICENSE file for more details.

Upgrading to version 3.2
========================

If you have your instance of Invenio v3.1 already up and running and
you would like to upgrade to version v3.2 you don't need to set up your
project from scratch. The goal of this guide is to show the steps to upgrade

> your project without losing any of your work.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We created this guide to help you upgrade your project
```

Pipfile modifications
---------------------

The most important changes that you will have to make are in ``Pipfile``.

> First you need to change the invenio version:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
First you need to change the invenio version to:
```

::

>     invenio = { version = "==3.2.0a7", extras = ["base", "auth", "metadata", "files", "postgresql", "elasticsearch7" ]}

Reviewer: remove the alpha version :)

> If you want to use the new files bundle make sure you include the ``files``

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to use the new files features make sure you include the ``files``
```

> bundle. Add any additional :ref:`bundles` you would like in your project in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
bundle. Add any additional :ref:`bundles` you would like to use in your project in
```

``extras``.

> To install the new packages in ``Pipfile`` run the following commands:

Reviewer: Please discuss this section with someone, in general it should not contain --dev unless you say somewhere before it is about upgrading first on the dev environment.

Reviewer 2: Actually `--dev` should not be needed for upgrading a production system.

.. code:: bash

    # Update Pipfile.lock
    pipenv lock --dev

    # Install packages specified in Pipfile.lock
    pipenv sync --dev

    # Install application code and entrypoints from 'setup.py'
    pipenv run pip install -e .

    # Build assets
    pipenv run invenio collect -v
    pipenv run invenio webpack buildall

Database
--------

> Changes have been made to the database from Invenio 3.1 so you will need to

Reviewer: Please highlight that this is only valid for when installing files bundle

upgrade the database by running the latest Alembic recipes:

.. code:: bash

    invenio alembic upgrade

Your database should now have the latest changes.

Files
-----
To integrate the files bundle with your Invenio instance, please see the guide
to configure files for Invenio 3.2.

For files to work properly ensure that the config variables
``RECORDS_FILES_REST_ENDPOINTS`` and ``FILES_REST_PERMISSION_FACTORY`` have been
configured properly.

.. note::

    If you are upgrading from a previous cookiecutter instance and you updated
    ``records/config.py``, please remember to update the changed config keys in
    ``records/ext.py``.

Uploading files
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Records created after you upgraded to Invenio 3.2 will support files
out-of-the-box as long as files are configured properly.

However, if you have records created by previous versions of Invenio they will

> not work out-of-the-box with files because there is no bucket attached to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
they require to apply changes in record metadata
```
if you mention `bucket` here, please link it with the documentation as people might not know what the bucket is at this point

the record. To support uploading files to an old record you first need to create
a bucket for each record you want to enable files support for.

Invenio currently doesn't provide a script for this migration, however, one

> solution is to write a script that does the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
solution is to write a script, as shown in the example below
```
